A rough outline of the steps and functions to implement
Loosely based on "The Git Parable" by Tom Preston-Werner

Ideas that need to be fleshed out still are marked with ?

1. Snapshots
    These make a copy of the current files from the working folder in a separate, named folder
    Allows for a previous snapshot to be pulled back up into the working folder
    Each snapshot has a message file attached to it so specific changes can be found

2. Branches
    Snapshots no longer have to be linear, but rather point to their parent
    This is done with a reference within their message file

3. Branch Names
    Each branch has a name associated with it
    This is stored in a branches file that contains all names and the snapshot they point to
    Each time a branch is updated with a new snapshot, the pointer in the file is changed

4. Tags
    Specific commits can be referenced similarly to the branch names
    These tags are stored the same way, but in a tags file and do not get updated with new snapshots

5. Distribution
    Author names and emails are contained within the messages to place "blame"
    Snapshot names are no longer just numbers, but instead hashed from the message contents

6. Merges
    Snapshots can specify two parents, not just one
    These merge snapshots are used to combine the changes from both in some way

7. Rewriting History
    ?
    Allow changes to the structure of the snapshot tree to clean up branches
    This includes combining multiple snapshots into one and (maybe) other things

8. Staging Area
    Instead of making a snapshot of everything in the working directory, instead specific files are specified to be staged
    Then these and only these files and changes are looked at when making a snapshot

9. Diffs
    Implement a way to see the difference between files at different points
    This includes working vs staging, staging vs last commit, a commit vs its parent, etc.

10. Eliminating Duplication
    ?

11. Compressing Blobs
    Blobs are compressed before an SHA1 is computed, to save on storage space